Update Network Protection for macOS docs (#12185)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/network-protection-macos.md

## Availability

> Network Protection for macOS is now available for all Microsoft Defender for Endpoint onboarded macOS devices which meet the minimum requirements. All of your currently configured Network Protection and Web Threat Protection policies will be enforced on macOS devices where Network Protection is configured for block mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Network Protection for macOS is now available for all Microsoft Defender for Endpoint onboarded macOS devices that meet the minimum requirements. All of your currently configured Network Protection and Web Threat Protection policies will be enforced on macOS devices where Network Protection is configured for block mode.
```

> To rollout Network Protection for macOS, we recommend the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To roll out Network Protection for macOS, we recommend the following:
```

> - Create a device group for a small set of device that you can use to test Network Protection.
> - Evaluate the impact of Web Threat Protection, Custom Indicators of Compromise, Web Content Filtering, and Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps enforcement policies which target those macOS devices where Network Protection is in Block mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a device group for a small set of devices that you can use to test Network Protection.
- Evaluate the impact of Web Threat Protection, Custom Indicators of Compromise, Web Content Filtering, and Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps enforcement policies that target those macOS devices where Network Protection is in Block mode.
```

- Deploy an audit or block mode policy to this device group and verify there are no issues or broken workstreams.
- Gradually deploy Network Protection to a larger set of devices until completely rolled out.

## Current capabilities

> - Custom Indicators of Compromise on Domains and IPs
> - Web Content Filtering support -
>   - Block website categories scoped to device groups through policies created in the MDEP Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom Indicators of Compromise on Domains and IPs.
- Web Content Filtering support:
  - Block website categories scoped to device groups through policies created in the MDEP portal.
```

  - Policies are applied to browsers, including Chromium Microsoft Edge for macOS. 

> - Advanced Hunting - Network Events will be reflected in the Machine Timeline, and queryable in Advanced Hunting to aid security investigations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Advanced Hunting - Network Events will be reflected in the Machine Timeline, and queryable in Advanced Hunting to aid security investigations.
```

> - Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps:
```

  - Shadow IT discovery - Identify which apps are being used in your organization.

>   - Blocking Applications - Block entire applications (e.g Slack, Facebook) from being used in your organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Block applications - Block entire applications (such as Slack and Facebook) from being used in your organization.
```

> - Corporate VPN in tandem or "side by side" with Network Protection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Corporate VPN in tandem or side-by-side with Network Protection: 
```
